feat(dws): add disaster recovery task resource support (#4262)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/resources/dws_disaster_recovery.md

  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `dr_type` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the type of the disaster recovery. Only support **az** now.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `name` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the name of the disaster recovery. It must be unique and contains
  `4` to `64` characters, which consist of letters, digits, hyphens(-), or underscores(_) only
  and must start with a letter. Changing this creates a new resource.

* `primary_cluster_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the primary cluster.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `standby_cluster_id` - (Required, String, ForceNew) Specifies the ID of the standby cluster.
  Changing this creates a new resource.

* `dr_sync_period` - (Required, String) Specifies the synchronization period of the disaster recovery. The valid
  value ranges from `1` to `3000`, the uint support `m` minute, `H` hour,`d` day. e.g. **20m**, means 20 minutes.
  When `status` is **unstart** or **stopped**, `dr_sync_period` can be change.

* `action` - (Optional, String) Specifies the action for the disaster recovery. The valid values are:

>   + **start**: Only `status` is **unstart**, **stopped** or **start_failed**, this value worked.
>   + **pause**: Only `status` is **running** or **stop_failed**, this value worked.
>   + **switchover**: Only `status` is **running**, this value worked.

Reviewer: how about writing like this:
```suggestion
  + **start**: Starting the DR task. You can start a DR task when `status` is **unstart**, **stopped** or **start_failed**.
  + **pause**: Stopping the DR task. You can stop a DR task when `status` is **running** or **stop_failed**.
  + **switchover**: Switching to the DR cluster. You can perform a DR switchover when `status` is **running**.
```

Author: done

* `status` - The status of the disaster recovery.

<a name="attrblock_cluster"></a>
The `cluster` block supports:

* `id` - The cluster ID.

* `name` - The cluster name.

* `cluster_az` - The availability zone to which the cluster belongs.

* `last_success_at` - The lasted success synchronized time, in UTC format.

* `obs_bucket_name` - The cluster OBS name.

* `progress` - The disaster recovery cluster progress.

* `region` - The region to which the cluster belongs.

* `role` - The disaster recovery cluster role.

* `status` - The disaster recovery cluster status.

## Timeouts

This resource provides the following timeouts configuration options:

* `create` - Default is 30 minutes.
* `update` - Default is 30 minutes.
* `delete` - Default is 30 minutes.

## Import

The disaster recovery can be imported using `id`, e.g.

```bash
$ terraform import huaweicloud_dws_disaster_recovery.test <id>
```

Note that the imported state may not be identical to your resource definition, due to some attributes missing from the
API response, security or some other reason. The missing attributes include: `action`, `primary_cluster_id`, `standby_cluster_id`.

> It is generally recommended running `terraform plan` after importing a cluster.

Reviewer: `cluster` or `disaster recovery task` ?

Author: done
